This book was made possible by Pratham Books' StoryWeaver platform. Content under Creative Commons licenses can be downloaded, translated and can even be used to create new stories ­ provided you give appropriate credit, and indicate if changes were made. To know more about this, and the full terms of use and attribution, please visit the following link . Story Attribution: This story: ಯಾರದು? is translated by Bhavya . The © for this translation lies with Pratham Books , 2013. Some rights reserved. Released under CC BY 4.0 license. Based on Original story: ' Who is it? ' , by Kanchan Bannerjee . © Pratham Books , 2013. Some rights reserved. Released under CC BY 4.0 license. Other Credits: 'Yaaradu?' has been published on StoryWeaver by Pratham Books. The illustration and design of this book has been undertaken by Srishti School of Art, Design and Technology. www.prathambooks.org Images Attributions: Cover page: A girl and a cow , by Pratyush Gupta © Pratham Books, 2013. Some rights reserved. Released under CC BY 4.0 license. Page 3: A girl and a cow , by Pratyush Gupta © Pratham Books, 2013. Some rights reserved. Released under CC BY 4.0 license. Page 4: A girl and a monkey hanging from a tree , by Pratyush Gupta © Pratham Books, 2013. Some rights reserved. Released under CC BY 4.0 license. Page 5: A girl peeping from behind a tree to look at a frog , by Pratyush Gupta © Pratham Books, 2013. Some rights reserved. Released under CC BY 4.0 license. Page 6: A deer jumping over a girl's head , by Pratyush Gupta © Pratham Books, 2013. Some rights reserved. Released under CC BY 4.0 license. Page 7: A girl in a pond with a fish , by Pratyush Gupta © Pratham Books, 2013. Some rights reserved. Released under CC BY 4.0 license. Page 8: A girl shocked at looking at an elephant , by Pratyush Gupta © Pratham Books, 2013. Some rights reserved. Released under CC BY 4.0 license. Disclaimer: https://www.storyweaver.org.in/terms_and_conditions Some rights reserved. This book is CC­-BY­-4.0 licensed. You can copy, modify, distribute and perform the work, even for commercial purposes, all without asking permission. For full terms of use and attribution, http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/4.0/