This book was made possible by Pratham Books' StoryWeaver platform. Content under Creative Commons licenses can be downloaded, translated and can even be used to create new stories ­ provided you give appropriate credit, and indicate if changes were made. To know more about this, and the full terms of use and attribution, please visit the following link . Story Attribution: This story: ಮೊಲ ಮತ್ತು ಆಮೆ is written by Venkatramana Gowda . © Pratham Books , 2004. Some rights reserved. Released under CC BY 4.0 license. Other Credits: 'Mola Mattu Aame' has been published on StoryWeaver by Pratham Books.'The Hare and The Tortoise (Again!)' has been published by Pratham Books in partnership with the Rajiv Gandhi Foundation. Pratham Books is a not-for-profit organization that publishes books in multiple Indian languages to promote reading among children. www.prathambooks.org Images Attributions: Cover page: Tortoise with a scroll on the back of the hare , by Padmanabh © Pratham Books, 2004. Some rights reserved. Released under CC BY 4.0 license. Page 2: Animal Kingdom , by Padmanabh © Pratham Books, 2004. Some rights reserved. Released under CC BY 4.0 license. Page 3: Tortoise looking at Rabbit eating Carrots , by Padmanabh © Pratham Books, 2004. Some rights reserved. Released under CC BY 4.0 license. Page 4: Lion thinking of the Hare and the Tortoise , by Padmanabh © Pratham Books, 2004. Some rights reserved. Released under CC BY 4.0 license. Page 5: Hare and the Tortoise , by Padmanabh © Pratham Books, 2004. Some rights reserved. Released under CC BY 4.0 license. Page 6: Lion making a gesture , by Padmanabh © Pratham Books, 2004. Some rights reserved. Released under CC BY 4.0 license. Page 7: Hare and Tortoise thinking of river and rocks , by Padmanabh © Pratham Books, 2004. Some rights reserved. Released under CC BY 4.0 license. Page 8: Hare and Tortoise thinking of each other on each other's backs , by Padmanabh © Pratham Books, 2004. Some rights reserved. Released under CC BY 4.0 license. Page 9: Tortoise with a scroll on the back of a rabbit , by Padmanabh © Pratham Books, 2004. Some rights reserved. Released under CC BY 4.0 license. Page 10: Tortoise swimming across the river with rabbit on the back holding a scroll , by Padmanabh © Pratham Books, 2004. Some rights reserved. Released under CC BY 4.0 license. Page 11: Tortoise and Hare speaking to a Lion , by Padmanabh © Pratham Books, 2004. Some rights reserved. Released under CC BY 4.0 license. Disclaimer: https://www.storyweaver.org.in/terms_and_conditions Some rights reserved. This book is CC­-BY­-4.0 licensed. You can copy, modify, distribute and perform the work, even for commercial purposes, all without asking permission. For full terms of use and attribution, http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/4.0/ This book was made possible by Pratham Books' StoryWeaver platform. Content under Creative Commons licenses can be downloaded, translated and can even be used to create new stories ­ provided you give appropriate credit, and indicate if changes were made. To know more about this, and the full terms of use and attribution, please visit the following link . Images Attributions: Page 12: Tortoise and Hare running and singing , by Padmanabh © Pratham Books, 2004. Some rights reserved. Released under CC BY 4.0 license. Page 13: Tortoise on Hare's back and Hare on Tortoise's back , by Padmanabh © Pratham Books, 2004. Some rights reserved. Released under CC BY 4.0 license. Page 14: Tortoise looking at Rabbit eating Carrots - for coloring , by Padmanabh © Pratham Books, 2004. Some rights reserved. Released under CC BY 4.0 license. Page 15: Animal Kingdom - for coloring , by Padmanabh © Pratham Books, 2004. Some rights reserved. Released under CC BY 4.0 license. Disclaimer: https://www.storyweaver.org.in/terms_and_conditions Some rights reserved. This book is CC­-BY­-4.0 licensed. You can copy, modify, distribute and perform the work, even for commercial purposes, all without asking permission. For full terms of use and attribution, http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/4.0/